Sometimes in life you don't always feel like a winner, but that doesn't mean you're not a winner.
Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you're wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn't love you anymore.
Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if it's broken, but you can still see the crack in that mother fucker's reflection.
Don't you ever let a soul in the world tell you that you can't be exactly who you are.
Well, that's your opinion, isn't it? And I'm not about to waste my time trying to change it.
Love is like a brick. You can build a house, or you can sink a dead body.
Do not allow people to dim your shine because they are blinded. Tell them to put on some sunglasses, cuz we were born this way bitch!
Do you know the feeling, when your heart is so hurt, that you could feel the blood dripping?
I want the deepest, darkest, sickest parts of you that you are afraid to share with anyone because I love you that much.
I used to walk down the street like I was a fucking star... I want people to walk around delusional about how great they can be - and then to fight so hard for it every day that the lie becomes the truth.
I remember watching the mascara tears flood the ivories and I thought, "It's OK to be sad." I've been trained to love my darkness.
I want women - and men - to feel empowered by a deeper and more psychotic part of themselves. The part they're always trying desperately to hide. I want that to become something that they cherish.
I am focused on the work. I am constantly creating. I am a busy girl. I live and breathe my work. I love what I do. I believe in the message. There's no stopping. I didn't create the fame, the fame created me.
Every bit of me is devoted to love and art. And I aspire to try to be a teacher to my young fans who feel just like I felt when I was younger. I just felt like a freak. I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm trying to liberate them, I want to free them of their fears and make them feel that they can make their own space in the world.
I am my own sanctuary and I can be reborn as many times as I choose throughout my life.
You laugh at me because I'm different. I laugh at you because you are all the same.
I want you to let go of all of your insecurities. I want you to reject anyone of anything that ever made you feel like you don't belong.
Be brave and celebrate with us your 'perceived flaws,' as society tells us. May we make our flaws famous, and thus redefine the heinous.
My fans are who I am. You give meaning to my life. You will never know the connection I feel to you.
I remember watching the mascara tears flood the ivories and I thought, "It's OK to be sad." I've been trained to love my darkness.
Well, that's your opinion, isn't it? And I'm not about to waste my time trying to change it.
I feel like if you're a really good human being, you can try to find something beautiful in every single person, no matter what.
Why spend your whole life trying to be somebody that you're not? It's so much more fun to be yourself.
Fight and push harder for what you believe in, you'd be surprised, you are much stronger than you think.
The top row is actually faster than the home row on QWERTY, in defiance of conventional wisdom. When trying to make sense of this result, I can come to only one conclusion: home row is wrong.
Like a good novel, clean code should clearly expose the tensions in the problem to be solved. It should build those tensions to a climax and then give the reader that "Aha! Of course!" as the issues and tensions are resolved in the revelation of an obvious solution.
You must learn to trust your creative mechanism to do its work and not "jam it" by becoming too concerned or too anxious as to whether it will work or not, or by attempting to force it by too much conscious effort. You must "let it" work, rather than "make it" work. This trust is necessary because your creative mechanism operates below the level of consciousness, and you cannot "know" what is going on beneath the surface. Moreover, its nature is to operate spontaneously according to present need. Therefore, you have no guarantees in advance. It comes into operation as you act and as you place a demand upon it by your actions. You must not wait to act until you have proof - you must act as if it is there, and it will come through.
When I was young, I had to choose between the life of being and the life of doing. And I leapt at the latter like a trout to a fly. But each deed you do, each act, binds you to itself and to its consequences, and makes you act again and yet again. Then very seldom do you come upon a space, a time like this, between act and act, when you may stop and simply be. Or wonder who, after all, you are.
There are too many things we do not wish to know about ourselves.
If you're good at something, never do it for free.
I have a name. It's a wonderful name, said the boy. The monster who went west replied, "You don't need a name. You can be happy without a name. Because we are nameless monsters." The boy ate the monster who went west. Even though he had finally found a name, there was no one left to call him by it. Such a shame, because Johan was such a wonderful name.
If you could go anywhere right now, where would you go and would you miss me when you get there?
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Lost in thought, and lost in time while the seeds of life and the seeds of change were planted. Outside the rain fell dark and slow while I pondered on this dangerous but irresistible pastime.
You said no promises, I said that's fine. But it feels like I'm breaking one every time. I'm with somebody else and I'm playing it cool. I still feel guilty when I'm not with you.
Our capacity to destroy one another is matched by our capacity to heal one another.
Attractors are meant to make us feel better. So, why are so many people attracted to dangerous or painful situations?
Language gives us the power to change ourselves and others by communicating our experiences, helping us to define what we know, and finding a common sense of meaning.
We now know that the two halves of the brain do speak different languages. The right is intuitive, emotional, visual, spatial, and tactual, and the left is linguistic, sequential, and analytical.
Measuring brain chemicals like serotonin or norepinephrine has enabled scientists to look at what fueled neural activity, which is a bit like trying to understand a car's engine by studying gasoline.
Years later traumatized people often have enormous difficulty telling other people what has happened to them. Their bodies re-experience terror, rage, and helplessness, as well as the impulse to fight or flee, but these feelings are almost impossible to articulate. Trauma by nature drives us to the edge of comprehension, cutting us off from language based on common experience or an imaginable past.
People who screw up their courage to participate in a study for which they aren't paid, in which they're repeatedly poked with needles, and in which they have only a fifty-fifty chance of getting an active drug are intrinsically motivated to solve their problem. Maybe their reward is only the attention paid to them, the opportunity to respond to questions about how they feel and think. But maybe the mother's kisses that soothe her child's scrapes are "just" a placebo as well.
The eyes of the little man narrowed, the smile disappeared from his face. Gone was the friendliness that I had seen, and a wild look of hate took it's place.
No matter how much insight and understanding we develop, the rational brain is basically impotent to talk the emotional brain out of its own reality.
Being traumatized means continuing to organize your life as if the trauma were still going on - unchanged and immutable - as if every new encounter or event is contaminated by the past. After trauma the world is experienced with a different nervous system. The survivor's energy now becomes focused on suppressing inner chaos, at the expense of spontaneous involvement in their lives.
First week of boot camp, they taught us a lesson. A good soldier knows there's only one thing he can rely on when the chips are down: Not his cutting edge intel, not his state of the art equipment, and not his top of the line weapon. Just himself: It took me a long time to remember that. For now, the war is over. I made mistakes along the way. But after all, I'm only human. My name is Laurence Barnes. They called me Prophet. Remember me.
I'm not some super calloused fragile mystic plagued with halitosis, I'm just a cat kicking facts that chill right underneath your noses.
Spinning counterclockwise, each turn robs the planet of angular momentum, slowing its spin the tiniest bit, lengthening the night, pushing back the dawn giving me a little more time here with you.
You're curious and smart, and bored, and all you see is the choice between working hard and slacking off. There are so many adventures you miss because you're waiting to think of a plan. To find them, look for tiny interesting choices and remember that you are always making the future up as you go.
Hi, my name is Randall. I like candlelight dinners and long walks on the beach. When I say long walks on the beach, I mean LONG walks on the beach. I've met people through these services who claim to like long walks on the beach. But we'll be out there barely an hour before they start with "I'm tired" and "don't you think it's time to head back?" Bring a tent.
The infinite possibilities each day holds should stagger the mind. The sheer number of experiences I could have is uncountable, breathtaking, and I'm sitting here refreshing my inbox. We live trapped in loops, reliving a few days over and over, and we envision only a handful of paths laid out ahead of us. We see the same things each day, we respond the same way, we think the same thoughts, each day a slight variation of the last.
Conspiracy theories represent a known glitch in human reasoning. The theories are of course occasionally true, but their truth is completely uncorrelated with the believers certainty. For some reason, sometimes when people think they've uncovered a lie, they raise confirmation bias to an art form. They cut context away from facts and arguments and assemble them into reassuring litanies. And over and over I've argued helplessly with smart people consumed by theories they were sure were irrefutable, theories that in the end proved complete fictions.
It was on a dreary night of November that I beheld the accomplishment of my toils. With an anxiety that almost amounted to agony, I collected the instruments of life around me, that I might infuse a spark of being into the lifeless thing that lay at my feet. It was already one in the morning; the rain pattered dismally against the panes, and my candle was nearly burnt out, when, by the glimmer of the half-extinguished light, I saw the dull yellow eye of the creature open; it breathed hard, and a convulsive motion agitated its limbs.
Most people can motivate themselves to do things simply by knowing that those things need to be done.
Procrastination has become its own solution - a tool I can use to push myself so close to disaster that I become terrified and flee toward success.
I'm still hoping that perhaps someday I'll learn how to use willpower like a real person, but until that very unlikely day, I will confidently battle toward adequacy, wielding my crude skill set of fear and shame.
At night, she crouches in the corner of the room, as rigid as a block of wood, and just stares at us. The staring was a bit unsettling, but that wasn't what forced us to move the helper dog's bed into the hallway. What did that was the neighbor's dog. The problem with the neighbor's dog is that it exists.
Even though she has pretty much every single problem that it is possible for a dog to have... plus some new problems that she invented all by herself... she is our dog. And because she is our dog, we can pick out the tiny, almost imperceptible good qualities from the ocean of terrible qualities, and we can cling to them. Because we want to love our dog.
When I was ten years old, I wrote a letter to my future self and buried it in my backyard. Seventeen years later, I remembered that I was supposed to remember to dig it up two years earlier. I looked forward to getting a nostalgic glimpse into my childhood - perhaps I would marvel at my own innocence or see the first glimmer of my current aspirations. As it turns out, it just made me feel real weird about myself.
Most people can motivate themselves to do things simply by knowing that those things need to be done. But not me. For me, motivation is this horrible, scary game where I try to make myself do something while I actively avoid doing it. If I win, I have to do something I don't want to do. If I lose, I'm one step closer to ruining my entire life. And I never know whether I'm going to win or lose until the last second.
Well, I don't wanna get into the whole physics of carbonation with you here, but you know this sound a can makes when you open it? That is the sound of you buying a whole can. And the same goes for this, okay? When you pierce the skin of a fruit, you've bought the whole fruit. Not a third of an apple. Not a half of a banana. You bite it, you bought it.
You sound like my nephew, always thinking you need to do things on your own without anyone's support. There is nothing wrong with letting the people who love you help you.
The true mind can weather all lies and illusions without being lost. The true heart can touch the poison of hatred without being harmed. From beginningless time, darkness thrives in the void, but always yields to purifying light.
You are not the man you used to be. You are stronger and wiser and freer than you ever used to be. And now you have come at the crossroads of destiny. It's time for you to choose. It's time for you to choose good.
Destiny? What would a boy know of destiny? If a fish lives its whole life in this river, does he know the river's destiny? No! Only that it runs on and on out of his control. He may follow where it flows, but he cannot see the end. He cannot imagine the ocean.
You must never give into despair. Allow yourself to slip down that road, and you surrender to your lowest instincts. In the darkest times, hope is something you give yourself. That is the meaning of inner strength.
Sometimes a little discomfort in the beginning can save a whole lot of pain down the road.
The way of life can be free and beautiful, but we have lost the way.
We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each other's happiness - not by each other's misery. We don't want to hate and despise one another. In this world there is room for everyone. And the good earth is rich and can provide for everyone. The way of life can be free and beautiful, but we have lost the way.
Well, I work all the time. So never interrupt me. Not if there's a fire. Not even if you hear the sound of a thud coming from my home and a week later, there's a smell that can only be a decaying human body and you have to put a hanky up to your nose because the smell is so bad, you think you're gonna faint. Even then don't come knocking.
Humanity can be divided into madmen and cowards. My personal tragedy is being born into a world where sanity is held to be a character flaw.
If you run into a wall and pretend it doesn't exist, you'll never make any progress. The wall will never change, so you're the one who has to change.
To the simple dog, throwing up was like some magical power that she never knew she possessed - the ability to create infinite food.
I spent months shut in my house, surfing the Internet on top of a pile of my own dirty laundry, which I set on the couch for "just a second" because I experienced a sudden moment of apathy on my way to the washer and couldn't continue. And then, two weeks later, I still hadn't completed that journey.
I was crying pointlessly on the kitchen floor. As was common practice during bouts of floor-crying, I was staring straight ahead at nothing in particular and feeling sort of weird about myself. Then, through the film of tears and nothingness, I spotted a tiny shriveled piece of corn under the refrigerator. I don't claim to know why this happened, but when I saw the piece of corn, something snapped inside me, and then that thing twisted through a few permutations of logic that I don't understand, and produced the most confusing bout of uncontrollable, debilitating laughter that I have ever experienced.
John Ronald Reuel Tolkien wrote his first story aged seven. It was about a "green great dragon." He showed it to his mother who told him that you absolutely couldn't have a green great dragon, and that it had to be a great green one instead. Tolkien was so disheartened that he never wrote another story for years. The reason for Tolkien's mistake, since you ask, is that adjectives in English absolutely have to be in this order: opinion, size, age, shape, colour, origin, material, purpose, noun. So you can have a lovely little old rectangular green French silver whittling knife. But if you mess with that word order in the slightest you'll sound like a maniac. It's an odd thing that every English speaker uses that list, but almost none of us could write it out. And as size comes before colour, green great dragons can't exist.
You have just begun reading the sentence you have just finished reading.
If you throw out some odds and ends, but keep one item, is it an odd or an end?
I don't like when I can't control what reality is doing. Which is unfortunate because reality works independently of the things I want, and I have only a limited number of ways to influence it, none of which are guaranteed to work.
A rough-coated, dough-faced, thoughtful ploughman strode through the streets of Scarborough; after falling into a slough, he coughed and hiccoughed.
We'll begin with a box, and the plural is boxes, but the plural of ox became oxen not oxes. One fowl is a goose, but two are called geese, yet the plural of moose should never be meese. You may find a lone mouse in a nest full of mice, yet the plural of house is houses, not hice. If the plural of man is always called men, why shouldn't the plural of pan be called pen? If I spoke of my foot and show you my feet, and I give you a boot, would a pair be called beet? If one is a tooth and a whole set are teeth, why shouldn't the plural of booth be called beeth? Then one may be that, and three would be those, yet hat in the plural would never be hose. We speak of a brother and also of brethren, but though we say mother, we never say methren.
So now we fly ever free, we're free before the thunderstorm. On towards the wilderness, our quest carries on. Far beyond the sundown, far beyond the moonlight, deep inside our hearts and all our souls. So far away, we wait for the day, for the lives all so wasted and gone. We feel the pain of a lifetime lost in a thousand days, through the fire and the flames we carry on.
We might have expected a fishy story from a man with a name like haddock.
I seem to spend a lot of time being mildly disappointed by things that aren't actually disappointing.
Perhaps this is what I was looking for my whole life. I didn't realize it until this very moment, but everything I wanted back then is right here before me now. Why don't I ever realize what I have until it's lost to me?
Despite our excitement about the linguistic feats of chimpanzees and rhesus monkeys, only human beings command the words and symbols necessary to create the communal, spiritual, and historical contexts that shape our lives.
I didn't think that this would need to be explained. Eating bees is sort of its own consequence. But you keep doing it. Haven't you noticed that every time you try to eat bees, you get stung on the face? No matter how many times you eat bees, the outcome is always going to be the same.
As infants and toddlers we learn about the world by moving, grabbing, and crawling and by discovering what happens when we cry, smile, or protest. We are constantly experimenting with our surroundings - how do our interactions change the way our bodies feel? Attend any two-year-old's birthday party and notice how little Kimberly will engage you, play with you, flirt with you, without any need for language. These early explorations shape the limbic structures devoted to emotions and memory, but these structures can also be significantly modified by later experiences; for the better by a close friendship or a beautiful first love, for example, or for the worse by a violent assault, relentless bullying, or neglect.
An especially upsetting event occurred today: a garbage truck awakened the subject several hours before subject planned to be awake. Subject HATES the garbage truck for what it has done. Hates it so much that had to get up and look at it - stood at window looking at garbage truck and hating.
Fear plays an interesting role in our lives. How dare we let it motivate us? How dare we let it into our decision-making, into our livelihoods, into our relationships? It's funny isn't it, we take a day a year to dress up in costume and celebrate fear?
The true mind can weather all the lies and illusions without being lost. The true heart can tough the poison of hatred without being harmed. Since beginning-less time, darkness thrives in the void, but always yields to purifying light.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
If you're too embarrassed to buy something, get a birthday card with it.
The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Help a man when he is in trouble and he will remember you when he is in trouble again.
As a student the most comforting words you'll ever hear are: "I haven't started either."
Each employee will receive 104 personal days a year. They are called Saturday and Sunday.
English is not a language, it's three languages wearing a trench coat pretending to be one.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
When you fall in love with someone you aren't interested in anyone else. If you are, you aren't in love.
Taxes are essentially just a yearly subscription to the country you live in. Childhood is the free trial.
Money cannot buy happiness but somehow, it's more comfortable to cry in a Mercedes Benz than it is on a bicycle.
If you have to choose between me and her, choose her. Because if you really loved me, there wouldn't be any other choice.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye.
School is starting again soon, so I am asking all drivers to please, please watch for us student pedestrians and hit us at full speed.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
If "never" is a contraction of "not ever", and "blush" is a contraction of "blood rush", studying must be a contraction of "student dying".
Once I almost dropped my phone on my soft carpeted floor, but thankfully I have lightning fast reflexes and was able to slap it into the wall instead.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Your shadow is a confirmation that light has traveled 93 million miles unobstructed, only to be deprived of reaching the ground in the final few feet thanks to you.
Nothing gives more anxiety than when you're about to walk past the security sensors on your way out of a store and you think to yourself: "Wait... did I shove a television down my pants?"
All tests should be open book. It's not like your future boss is going to say, "I need those tax returns finished by noon, but don't look at any of the financial statements. Do it all from memory."
It's not that I never want kids, it's just that I've never looked at another human being and thought to myself, "Yeah, I want to splice our DNA, make 2 half carbon copies of ourselves, fuse them together, create a life and share a living breathing responsibility with them until I die."
A human being is a part of the whole called by us universe, a part limited in time and space. He experiences himself, his thoughts and feelings as something separated from the rest, a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us. Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.
I am convinced that human life is filled with many pure, happy, serene examples of insincerity, truly splendid of their kind - of people deceiving one another without (strangely enough) any wounds being inflicted, of people who seem unaware even that they are deceiving one another.
People talk of "social outcasts." The words apparently denote the miserable losers of the world, the vicious ones, but I feel as though I have been a "social outcast" from the moment I was born. If ever I meet someone society has designated as an outcast, I invariably feel affection for him, an emotion which carries me away in melting tenderness.
There are all kinds of unhappy people in the world. I suppose it would be no exaggeration to say that the world is composed entirely of unhappy people. But those people can fight their unhappiness with society fairly and squarely, and society for its part easily understands and sympathizes with such struggles.
Endlessly gazing in nocturnal prime. She spoke of her vices and broke the rhyme, but baffled herself with the final line. My promise is made but my heart is thine.
Some of us get dipped in flat, some in satin, some in gloss; but every once in a while, you find someone who's iridescent, and once you do, nothing will ever compare.
Jim is my enemy. But it turns out that Jim is also his own worst enemy, and the enemy of my enemy is my friend. So Jim is actually my friend. But, because he is his own worst enemy, the enemy of my friend is my enemy, so actually Jim is my enemy.
The rules of shotgun are very simple and very clear. The first person to shout shotgun when you're within sight of the car gets the front seat. That's how the game's played. There are no exceptions for someone with a concussion.
I guess love's a funny thing the way it fades away without a warning. It doesn't ask to be excused and when it's gone - oh, it's gone. It ain't ever coming back. There is nothing you can do to save it. To make it breathe the way it did when you were sliding on the ring. Trust me, it's gone for good.
You never would have come here unless you believed you were going to save them. Evolution has yet to transcend that simple barrier. We can care deeply - selflessly - about those we know, but that empathy rarely extends beyond our line of sight.
The term black hole is of very recent origin. It was coined in 1969 by the American scientist John Wheeler as a graphic description of an idea that goes back at least two hundred years, to a time when there were two theories about light: one, which Newton favoured, was that it was composed of particles; the other was that it was made of waves. We now know that really both theories are correct.
Breathing is one of the few body functions under both conscious and autonomic control.
Knowing that whatever is happening is finite and will sooner or later come to an end makes most experiences tolerable.
Many people may not be aware of the connection between their "crazy" feelings and reactions and traumatic events that are being replayed. They have no idea why they respond to some minor irritation as if they were about to be annihilated.
When I left you, I was but the learner; now I am the master.
Who's more foolish? The fool or the fool who follows him?
Strike me down and I will become more powerful than you could possibly imagine.
The ability to speak does not make you intelligent.
As soon as we put something into words, we devalue it in a strange way. We think we have plunged into the depths of the abyss, and when we return to the surface the drop of water on our pale fingertips no longer resembles the sea from which it comes. We delude ourselves that we have discovered a wonderful treasure trove, and when we return to the light of day we find that we have brought back only false stones and shards of glass; and yet the treasure goes on glimmering in the dark, unaltered.
I like to believe that I would behave heroically in a disaster situation. I like to think this because it makes me feel good about myself. Conveniently, it is very unlikely that I will ever actually have to do anything to prove it. As long as I never encounter a disaster situation, I can keep believing I'm a hero indefinitely.
You're really bad at making up games, dogs. From what I can tell, most of the things you consider fun involve ruining something or doing the same thing so many times in a row that everyone except you hates it. You seem to derive a great amount of joy from forcefully influencing the shape of things. Does this activity make you feel powerful? Is this how you satisfy your urge to make decisions? I'm sure it's a great feeling to decide that the basket shouldn't be a basket anymore and then actually be able to make that happen because the basket can't stop you.
No matter how hard the wind howls, the mountain cannot bow to it.
I did so want you all to care for me, as I do for you, and now I care for you more than ever.
I think it's extremely excruciating to see people without talent get chances that you haven't been able to get.
Lying is, almost by definition, a refusal to cooperate with others. It condenses a lack of trust and trustworthiness into a single act. It is both a failure of understanding and an unwillingness to be understood. To lie is to recoil from relationship.
Rick, the only connection between your unquestionable intelligence and the sickness destroying your family, is that everyone in your family - you included - use intelligence to justify sickness. You seem to alternate between viewing your own mind as an unstoppable force, and as an inescapable curse. And I think it's because the only truly unapproachable concept for you, is that it's your mind within your control. You chose to come here, you chose to talk to belittle my vocation - just as you chose to become a pickle.
Sometimes good people make bad choices. It doesn't mean they are bad people. It means they're human.
Books are nice, aren't they? With just one sentence you can get lost in all sorts of dreams. The way I think of it, literature allows the reader's consciousness to deeply relish the author and be closer to him. And so, we freely walk around the world of the story from the yarn spinner's point of view. It's only when you immerse yourself in the world of a book that you are able to forget just who you are.
When there is evil in this world that justice cannot defeat, would you taint your hands with evil to defeat evil? Or would you remain steadfast and righteous, even if it means surrendering to evil?
There are liars who only lie when there's a reason to, and there are liars who also lie without a reason.
Harry Potter was a highly unusual boy in many ways. For one thing he hated the summer holidays more than any other time of the year. For another, he really wanted to do his homework but was forced to do it in secret, in the dead of night. And he also happened to be a wizard.
This new, reactionary music was called Punk. It tossed the dominant Rock culture into the garbage can. The only rule was to break the rules.
There was nothing left to do but to let you play out your little scenario, and you were very good. That whole love-crazed besotted schoolgirl routine, impressive, truly. You convinced the people in the Capitol, unfortunately not everyone in the districts fell for it. I mean, you can't know this, but in several of them people viewed your little trick with the berries as an act of defiance, not as an act of love. And if a girl from District 12, of all places, can defy the Capitol and walk away unharmed, what is to prevent them from doing the same? What is to prevent, say, an uprising? That can lead to revolution and then in a fraction of time the whole system collapses. - It must be a fragile system if it can be brought down by just a few berries.
I exist. In thousands of agonies - I exist. I'm tormented on the rack - but I exist! Though I sit alone in a pillar - I exist! I see the sun, and if I don't see the sun, I know it's there. And there's a whole life in that, in knowing that the sun is there.
He thinks he'll be remembered as the villain in the story. But I forgot to tell him that the villain is usually the person who locks up the maiden and throws away the key. He was the one who let me out.
This heart belongs again to darkness. All worlds begin in darkness, and all so end. The heart is no different. Darkness sprouts within it; it grows, consumes it. Such is its nature. In the end, every heart returns to the darkness whence it came.
No. It has not yet achieved the highest level. That, it must achieve in the long dream of life, not the short dream of a game. Does it know that we love it? That the universe is kind?  Sometimes, through the noise of its thoughts, it hears the universe, yes. But there are times it is sad, in the long dream. It creates worlds that have no summer, and it shivers under a black sun, and it takes its sad creation for reality. To cure it of sorrow would destroy it. The sorrow is part of its own private task. We cannot interfere. Sometimes when they are deep in dreams, I want to tell them, they are building true worlds in reality. Sometimes I want to tell them of their importance to the universe. Sometimes, when they have not made a true connection in a while, I want to help them to speak the word they fear.
My old man gave me this diary when I was first learning how to write. He said that I would write my entire life down in it. And that with the last page of the notebook, my life would end as well. He was the last in our family who was fond of speaking in metaphors. I was very young then, and took his words literally. I wanted to live a long life so I rationed the pages. I wrote only in my smallest handwriting, rarely and briefly. It became a habit. But after a while, I forgot his words. For some reason they've come back to me now. And they unsettle me.
Without a doubt, we all face challenges. Some difficulties push us toward higher goals. Others beat us up and leave us breathless in a corner of the ring. Whether we feel we are winning or losing, all challenges have this in common - stress. Stress because what we used to know no longer works. Stress because what we feel like doing is the opposite of what our minds are screaming for us to do. Stress because we fear what others might think, or even how we feel about ourselves.
I recall a conversation I had with an esteemed colleague in my first career as a teacher in a middle school. It had been a particularly hectic day. To regain my sanity, I self-declared a midday tea break at a nearby coffee shop where, in the company of this wise old gentleman who had seen his share of good and bad days, I poured out my complaints. Sipping a comforting cup of tea, I lamented how stressful life had become - students were having a tough time managing pressures from home, school, themselves, peers, and so on. I was suffering from the anxiety of having to cater to this diverse group of 'clients'.
We live in volatile times. Nothing is ever certain. No one can predict our tomorrows. If you have succeeded once, there is no guarantee of success the next time. The only thing we can be certain of is the inner compass that guides our thoughts, feelings and actions.
The world has changed and none of us can go back. All we can do is our best, and sometimes the best that we can do is to start over.
I'm trying to free your mind, Neo. But I can only show you the door. You're the one that has to walk through it.
The Matrix is a system, Neo. That system is our enemy. But when you're inside, you look around, what do you see? Businessmen, teachers, lawyers, carpenters. The very minds of the people we are trying to save. But until we do, these people are still a part of that system and that makes them our enemy. You have to understand, most of these people are not ready to be unplugged. And many of them are so inured, so hopelessly dependent on the system, that they will fight to protect it.
You know, I know this steak doesn't exist. I know that when I put it in my mouth, the Matrix is telling my brain that it is juicy and delicious. After nine years, you know what I realize? Ignorance is bliss.
Have you ever had a dream, Neo, that you were so sure was real? What if you were unable to wake from that dream? How would you know the difference between the dream world and the real world?
I know you're out there. I can feel you now. I know that you're afraid... you're afraid of us. You're afraid of change. I don't know the future. I didn't come here to tell you how this is going to end. I came here to tell you how it's going to begin. I'm going to hang up this phone, and then I'm going to show these people what you don't want them to see. I'm going to show them a world without you. A world without rules and controls, without borders or boundaries. A world where anything is possible. Where we go from there is a choice I leave to you.
Our world requires that decisions be sourced and footnoted, and if we say how we feel, we must also be prepared to elaborate on why we feel that way. I think that approach is a mistake, and if we are to learn to improve the quality of the decisions we make, we need to accept the mysterious nature of our snap judgements. We need to respect the fact that it is possible to know without knowing why we know and accept that - sometimes - we're better off that way.
We live in a world that assumes that the quality of a decision is directly related to the time and effort that went into making it... We believe that we are always better off gathering as much information as possible and spending as much time as possible in deliberation. We really only trust conscious decision making. But there are moments, particularly in times of stress, when haste does not make waste, when our snap judgments and first impressions can offer a much better means of making sense of the world. The first task of Blink is to convince you of a simple fact: decisions made very quickly can be every bit as good as decisions made cautiously and deliberately.
Imagine you are standing between opposing sides of a paradox. If you lean too much to one side, you start to feel the pull from the opposite end. The further you lean toward one side, the stronger the opposing pull tries to draw you back. The tension is only relieved when you manage to perfectly balance the pull from both ends. And does perfect balance mean you are standing in the middle? No, it does not!
When I listen to clients relate about stressful events or situations, I listen for the conflicts within them. Beneath the calm, professional facade, I can hear underlying tension, ready to overflow. From their voices, I pick up the energy with which they speak, how they emphasize certain words or phrases. I observe their gestures and how they present themselves from week to week. These are clues that announce the presence of unwanted stress. Their discomfort at being stuck in situations or mired in uncertainty tells me a paradox is present.
Stress is inevitable in our often fast-paced, uncertain and complex lives. Most of us spend 40 to 50 years in economically productive but stressful careers. Living with stress, however, is not only inevitable but necessary. We cannot beat stress, we cannot escape it, and most definitely, we cannot ignore it.
Some people are content in the midst of deprivation and danger, while others are miserable despite having all the luck in the world. This is not to say that external circumstances do not matter. But it is your mind, rather than circumstances themselves, that determines the quality of your life. Your mind is the basis of everything you experience and of every contribution you make to the lives of others. Given this fact, it makes sense to train it.
There's a hundred-thousand streets in this city. You don't need to know the route. You give me a time and a place, I give you a five minute window. Anything happens in that five minutes and I'm yours. No matter what. Anything happens a minute either side of that and you're on your own. Do you understand?
She had never observed his face more composed and she grabbed his hand and held it to her heart. It was resistless and dry. The outline of a skull was plain under his skin and the deep burned eye sockets seemed to lead into the dark tunnel where he had disappeared. She leaned closer and closer to his face, looking deep into them, trying to see how she had been cheated or what had cheated her, but she couldn't see anything. She shut her eyes and saw the pin point of light but so far away that she could not hold it steady in her mind. She felt as if she were blocked at the entrance of something. She sat staring with her eyes shut, into his eyes, and felt as if she had finally got to the beginning of something she couldn't begin, and she saw him moving farther and farther away, farther and farther into the darkness until he was the pin point of light.
There's gonna come a time when you're gonna look back on your life and just regret all the TV you didn't watch.
Time is an illusion that helps things make sense, so we are always living in the present tense. It seems unforgiving when a good thing ends but you and I will always be back then singing will happen, happening, happened.
But it's like we weren't made for this world. Though I wouldn't really want to meet someone who was.
The perilous fallacies we have seen in this chapter, for example, would give high priority to economics, evolutionary biology, and probability and statistics in any high school or college curriculum. Unfortunately, most curricula have barely changed since medieval times, and are barely changeable, because no one wants to be the philistine who seems to be saying that it is unimportant to learn a foreign language, or English literature, or trigonometry, or the classics. But no matter how valuable a subject may be, there are only twenty-four hours in a day, and a decision to teach one subject is also a decision not to teach another one.
The truth is like a puzzle broken into pieces here and there, so we cannot see the full picture. When we find out something's not true, the truth sends us a small signal to try looking again. That's what we call doubt. The small pieces that doesn't suit the perfect looking truth; doubt. The moment you shut out that doubt, the real truth is hidden by that image.
This is what you should be thinking about, who you are in this moment in time and who you want to be. You get one life, you decide how you're gonna spend it. Fortunately, there is no better place for self-reflection than detention.
The hedgehog's dilemma, the closer we become the more deeply we hurt. Now I understand. I finally understand he can't let others know how he feels in any other way.
Your beauty is beyond compare, with flaming locks of auburn hair, with ivory skin and eyes of emerald green. Your smile is like a breath of spring, your voice is soft like summer rain and I cannot compete with you, Jolene.
You could have your choice of men, but I could never love again. He's the only one for me, Jolene. I had to have this talk with you, my happiness depends on you, and whatever you decide to do, Jolene.
If everyone were perfect, there would be no need to look out for others. Sympathy or love is needed because people are imperfect. A perfect human cannot love anyone.
If the idea of illness can become illness, what else about our reality is actually a disorder?
I don't care if you don't save me or the world if you don't save yourself.
You know the most dangerous thing about schizophrenia? The most dangerous thing is believing you don't have it. That's the trick. The mind killer. Your disease convinces you, you don't have it. So, for example, one day in the hospital, you meet a girl and she has some friends and they tell you you're not sick. You have super powers. And more than anything, you wanna believe it because that means you're not crazy. It means you can fall in love and live happily ever after. But you know if you believe it, if you surrender to the hope and you're wrong, then you're never coming back.
A delusion starts like any other idea, as an egg. Identical on the outside, perfectly formed. From the shell, you'd never know anything was wrong. It's what inside that matters.
Do you know the truth of the battlefield? Kill a man normally, and it's considered a crime. But kill many on the battlefield, and you become a hero.
False tears bring pain to those around you. A false smile brings pain to one's self.
I don't know who you are but I'll save you a seat, hang my coat on the chair next to me. I tried to reassure the waiter, say you're down the street, he laughed at me. So, here's to you, the most beautiful thing that I have never seen.
To know and not to know, to be conscious of complete truthfulness, while telling carefully constructed lies...
Ann and I have the occasional rough patch in our relationship. But right now, we're really in a groove. We've gone 30 hours without breaking up. Our personal best is 47 hours. It happened when she was out of town for two days and she forgot we were dating.
I'm a pizza slice murdering bad plan nurturing fool trying to find my place. Yeah, it's a big world beckoning days of reckoning, maybe I should buy a new face. We got plot line thickening, campfire flickering, trees and schemes in the night. It's a jet joyride, the storm's outside, and I just wanna fly my kite.
There was something magical about an island - the mere word suggested fantasy. You lost touch with the world - an island was a world of its own. A world, perhaps, from which you might never return.
I would ask you all to consider this carefully and to give me any suggestions that may occur to you. In the meantime I warn everybody to be upon his or her guard. So far the murderer has had an easy task, since his victims have been unsuspicious. From now on, it is our task to suspect each and every one amongst us. Forewarned is forearmed. Take no risks and be alert to danger. That is all.
You two are the strongest physically. It would be difficult for either of you to get the key from the other. It would be impossible for any of us three to do so. To break open the cupboard - or the plate chest - would be a noisy and cumbersome proceeding and one which could hardly be carried out without attention being attracted to what was going on.
Blore stood rigid - listening. He could hear sounds everywhere now, cracks, rustles, mysterious whispers - but his dogged, realistic brain knew them for what they were - the creations of his own heated imagination. And then suddenly he heard something that was not imagination. Footsteps, very soft, very cautious, but plainly audible to a man listening with all his ears as Blore was listening.
We'll try heliographing today with a mirror from the highest point of the island. Some bright lad wandering on the cliff will recognise SOS when he sees it, I hope. In the evening we could try a bonfire - only there isn't much wood - and anyway they might just think it was song and dance and merriment. Vera said: "Surely someone can read Morse. And then they'll come to take us off. Long before this evening."
They felt now like people just awakening from a nightmare. There was danger, yes, but it was danger in daylight. That paralysing atmosphere of fear that had wrapped them round like a blanket yesterday while the wind howled outside was gone.
While imprisoned in the shed Pierre had learned not with his intellect but with his whole being, by life itself, that man is created for happiness, that happiness is within him, in the satisfaction of simple human needs, and that all unhappiness arises not from privation but from superfluity.
Do not believe madness to be a curse, mortal. For some, it is the greatest of blessings. A bitter mercy perhaps, but mercy nonetheless.
As the image of myself becomes sharper in my brain and more precious, I feel less afraid someone else will erase me by denying me love.
Now we see that all of his previous actions are a reflection of his inexperience in love.
My carbon fiber exoskeleton is invulnerable to micro-meteorites, reentry, and the vacuum of space. It has but one flaw: it can be a tad itchy.
Well, a double rainbow is a phenomenon of optics that displays a spectrum of light due to the sun shining on droplets of moisture in the atmosphere. Does that explain it?
The night beckons while you dream, a life never lives in peace. As you stand upon the edge, woven by a single thread. And fate may fall down upon you, while the devil is knocking, right at your door. So all you restless, each night you hear the drums of war. Awaken, awaken. The voice begins to call you while you hunger, a taste of destiny you're searching for.
To say that nothing is true is to realize that the foundations of society are fragile and that we must be the shepherds of our civilization. To say that everything is permitted is to understand that we are the architects of our actions, and that we must live with their consequences, whether glorious or tragic.
It is odd, when you have a secret belief of your own which you do not wish to acknowledge, the voicing of it by someone else will rouse you to fury of denial.
Outside in the hall, he leant against the wall, breathing deeply. It had been a long time since he'd lost control and made something explode. He couldn't afford to let it happen again. The Hogsmeade form wasn't the only thing at stake - if he carried on like that, he'd be in trouble with the Ministry of Magic.
And that, I think, was the handle - that sense of inevitable victory over the forces of old and evil. Not in any mean or military sense; we didn't need that. Our energy would simply prevail. We had all the momentum; we were riding the crest of a high and beautiful wave. So now, less than five years later, you can go up on a steep hill in Las Vegas and look west, and with the right kind of eyes you can almost see the high-water mark - that place where the wave finally broke and rolled back.
The wielding of a nail, the wielding of a brush... these things are not so different. We cut into the world so that we can peer deeper inside.
Everything ends eventually. Even if history is not changed... even if the world of darkness continues in its current state... eventually the day will come when I won't be here anymore. Since that's the case, the timing of it doesn't matter. The important thing is not how long you live... it's what you accomplish with your life.
Not everyone believes in mountains, yet there they are, in plain sight. Scientists insist, rather halfheartedly, that mountains are the bulging results of tectonic shifts along massive rocky plates. Mountains developed naturally over the course of many millennia, scientists say under their breaths.
At first one, then another, then almost every member of the crowd touches the three middle fingers of their left hand to their lips and holds it out to me. It is an old and rarely used gesture of our district, occasionally seen at funerals. It means thanks, it means admiration, it means goodbye to someone you love.
Humans are limited in what they can do, right? If I've learned anything in this short life... it's that the more you plan, the easier it is for those plans to crumble from some unseen circumstance.
C makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot; C++ makes it harder, but when you do it blows your whole leg off.
The root of all your evil is in always relying on one of your other possibilities to get your wish. You must accept that you are the person here, now, and that you cannot become anyone else other than that person.
Convenience is poison. One must accustom themselves to pursue any intention as soon as it appears, regardless of difficulty. Otherwise one burns out, gives in to doubt, starts fearing oneself. The bolder the dream, the more surely it becomes dust when the moment is lost.
As if some thought had suddenly come to it, the firefly spread its wings, and in a moment it had flown past the handrail to float in the pale darkness. It traced a swift arc by the side of the water tank as if trying to bring back a lost interval in time. And then, after hovering there for a few seconds as if to watch its curved line of light blend into the wind, it finally flew off to the east. Long after the firefly had disappeared, the trail of its light remained inside me, its pale, faint glow hovering on and on in the thick darkness behind my eyelids like a lost soul.
Don't worry. All living creatures have the power to be brought back to life... and the will to go on living. Anywhere can be paradise, as long as you have the will to live. After all, you are alive, so you will always have the chance to be happy.
Only hope can give rise to the emotion we call despair. But it is nearly impossible for a man to try to live without hope, so I guess that leaves Man no choice but to walk around with despair as his companion.
Freedom cannot be forced into existence, nor can it be won through painful struggle. Freedom cannot be bought or sold. It has nothing to do with one's social status; one's profession is of no consequence. In order for you to accept yourself as you are and live with your soul at peace, you must simply teach yourself to let it be, only then will you discover freedom.
We shall go on to the end, we shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be, we shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender!
I mean like, folks who have lost stuff. And we have, man, we have, all of us. Homes, and our families, normal lives. And you think life takes more than it gives, but not today. Today it's giving us something. It is giving us a chance.
He's not so bad. He has a temper... deep down he's all fluff. Fact is, he's not like anybody I've ever known. All my friends are fighters. And here comes this guy, spends his life avoiding the fight because he knows he'll win.
Hey, look at me. It's your fault, it's everyone's fault, who cares. Are you up for this? Are you? Look, I just need to know 'cause the city is flying. Ok, look, the city is flying, we're fighting an army of robots, and I have a bow and arrow. None of this makes sense. But I'm going back out there 'cause it's my job. Ok, and I can't do my job and babysit. Doesn't matter what you did, or what you were. If you go out there, you fight and you fight to kill. Stay in here, you're good. I'll send your brother to come find you. But if you step out that door, you are an Avenger. All right, good chat.
Second chances don't come around all that often. I suggest you take a really close look at it. This is your chance to earn that look in your daughter's eyes, to become the hero that she already thinks you are.
Tony, I'm glad you're back at the compound. I don't like the idea of you rattling around a mansion by yourself. We all need family. The Avengers are yours, maybe more so than mine. I've been on my own since I was 18. I never really fit in anywhere, even in the army. My faith's in people, I guess. Individuals. And I'm happy to say that, for the most part, they haven't let me down. Which is why I can't let them down either. Locks can be replaced, but maybe they shouldn't. I know I hurt you, Tony. I guess I thought by not telling you about your parents I was sparing you, but I can see now that I was really sparing myself, and I'm sorry. Hopefully one day you can understand. I wish we agreed on the Accords, I really do. I know you're doing what you believe in, and that's all any of us can do. That's all any of us should... So no matter what, I promise you, if you need us - if you need me - I'll be there.
The language of the mystic arts is as old as civilization. The sorcerers of antiquity called the use of this language "spells." But if that word offends your modern sensibilities, you can call it a program. The source code that shapes reality.
You think you know how the world works? You think that this material universe is all there is? What is real? What mysteries lie beyond the reach of your senses? At the root of existence, mind and matter meet. Thoughts shape reality. This universe is only one of an infinite number. Worlds without end. Some benevolent and life giving. Others filled with malice and hunger. Dark places where powers older than time lie ravenous... and waiting. Who are you in this vast multiverse, Mr. Strange?
You don't need and you push away anyone who's willing to put up with you 'cause just a little bit of love reminds you of how big and empty that hole inside you actually is.
Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Korg. I'm kind of like the leader in here. I'm made of rocks, as you can see, but don't let that intimidate you. You don't need to be afraid, unless you're made of scissors! Just a little Rock, Paper, Scissors joke for you.
Well, I tried to start a revolution, but didn't print enough pamphlets so hardly anyone turned up. Except for my mum and her boyfriend, who I hate. As punishment, I was forced to be in here and become a gladiator. Bit of a promotional disaster that one, but I'm actually organizing another revolution. I don't know if you'd be interested in something like that? Do you reckon you'd be interested?
Wakanda will no longer watch from the shadows. We can not. We must not. We will work to be an example of how we, as brothers and sisters on this earth, should treat each other. Now, more than ever, the illusions of division threaten our very existence. We all know the truth: more connects us than separates us. But in times of crisis the wise build bridges, while the foolish build barriers. We must find a way to look after one another, as if we were one single tribe.
You are Carol Danvers. You were the woman on that black box risking her life to do the right thing. My best friend. Who supported me as a mother and a pilot when no one else did. You were smart, and funny, and a huge pain in the ass. And you were the most powerful person I knew, way before you could shoot fire through your fists.
I will shred this universe down to its last atom and then, with the stones you've collected for me, create a new one teeming with life that knows not what it has lost, but only what it has been given. A grateful universe.
He wasn't certain if it was extremely cute or appallingly ugly and it bothered him that it managed to be both.
It was ludicrous that they hadn't noticed. Ridiculous that they had not thought about his last name, about where he came from, about the classes he did or did not go to. His clammy hands, his pristine room, his unchanging smudgy face. He had been dead as long as they'd known him. Reality was a bridge breaking beneath Adam.
Both Adam and Blue looked up at the sound of footsteps crossing the floor towards them. It was Ronan, holding something under his arm. He cautiously lowered himself until he sat cross-legged beside Adam and then sighed heavily, as if he had been part of conversation to this point and it tired him. Blue was equal parts relieved and disappointed at his presence effectively ending any more talk about kissing.
Ronan began to laugh, and it was so unexpected that the spell was broken. He laughed as Chainsaw hurled herself into the air to circle where Blue had gone in, and he laughed as Orla let out a honking sound and cannonballed into the water. He laughed as the image on the laptop distorted with the rollicking water. He laughed as he stretched out his arm for Chainsaw to return to him, and then he sealed his lips with an expression that indicated he still found them all hilarious on the inside.
When I was in high school I didn't participate in any club activities and just stayed cooped up with a bunch of other layabout guys. But now I was a brand-spanking new freshman university student and before my eyes were innumerable open doors to that rose-coloured campus life. However, ever since I learned I'd passed the entrance exam my heart had already been set on the allure of a single circle.
No longer able to tolerate Father's selfish ways, my younger brother has left Folsense for good. Strangely enough, Father doesn't seem affected by it at all. If anything, he only seems more focused on excavating even more gold from the mine. Is that miserable ore worth so much to him? I'm beginning to think that I will never understand that man.
All around town, people are falling ill with a disease that has no name. Some of the common folk have been saying that our town has fallen under a curse. As the only son remaining to watch over Folsense, I can't even think of leaving. The thought would be more disturbing were it not for her. As long as she's by my side, I have the strength to stay and protect this town.
I don't know how many days have passed, waiting to hear back from her. It's been so long, in fact, that I can barely remember even sending that letter. Maybe she really doesn't love me. Maybe she's living in some other town, happily married to another man.
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over but had me believing it was always something that I'd done. But I don't wanna live that way, reading into every word you say. You said that you could let it go, and I wouldn't catch you hung up on somebody that you used to know.
My name is Barry Allen, and I am the fastest man alive. When I was a child I saw my mother killed by something impossible: my father went to prison for her murder. Then an accident made me the impossible. To the outside world I'm an ordinary forensic scientist, but secretly, I use my speed to fight crime and find others like me and one day, I'll find who killed my mother and get justice for my father. I am The Flash.
Since I was a child, I always loved a good story. I believed that stories helped us to ennoble ourselves, to fix what was broken in us, and to help us become the people we dreamed of being. Lies that told a deeper truth. I always thought that I could play some small part in the grand tradition.
I'm so tired. Sleep's been stalking me for too long to remember. Inevitable I suppose. Sadly though, I'm not looking forward to the prospect. I say "sadly" because there was a time when I actually enjoyed sleeping. In fact I slept all the time. That was before my friend Lude woke me up at three in the morning and asked me to come over to his place. Who knows, if I hadn't heard the phone ring, would everything be different now? I think about that a lot.
Then I saw Marten and Hespe wearing the same expression, native Vintish superstition written clearly on their faces. Their eyes went to the flickering fire, then back to me. I was one of those. I meddled with dark powers. I summoned demons. I ate the entire little cheese, including the rind.
Just as happiness shines in the shadows of sorrow, only in the darkest depths of fear does courage truly shine.
I remember Mother told me that if one has mind, nothing is ever lost, regardless where one goes. Is that true? "I don't know," I tell her. "But true or not, that is what your mother believed. The question is whether you believe it."
The world has come a long way since the days of the printing press. Information is no longer a scarce commodity; we have more of it than we know what to do with. But relatively little of it is useful. We perceive it selectively, subjectively, and without much self-regard for the distortions that this causes. We think we want information when we really want knowledge.
Now the day bleeds into nightfall, and you're not here to get me through it all. I let my guard down and then you pulled the rug, I was getting kinda used to being someone you loved.
Thomas is a tank engine who lives at the big station on the Island of Sodor. He's a cheeky little engine with six small wheels, a short stumpy funnel, a short stumpy boiler and a short stumpy dome. He's a fussy little engine, too, always pulling coaches about, ready for the big engines to take on long journeys. And when trains come in, he pulls the empty coaches away so that the big engines can go on rest.
If you are interested in stories with happy endings, you would be better off reading some other book. In this book, not only is there no happy ending, there is no happy beginning and very few happy things in the middle. This is because not very many happy things happened in the lives of the three Baudelaire youngsters. Violet, Klaus, and Sunny Baudelaire were intelligent children, and they were charming, and resourceful, and had pleasant facial features, but they were extremely unlucky, and most everything that happened to them was rife with misfortune, misery, and despair. I'm sorry to tell you this, but that is how the story goes.
Two little mice fell into a bucket of cream. The first mouse quickly gave up and drowned, but the second mouse, he struggled so hard that he eventually churned that cream into butter and he walked out.
You never understood why we did this. The audience knows the truth: The world is simple. And miserable. Solid all the way through. But if you could fool them, even for a second, then you could make them wonder, and then you got to see something very special. You really don't know? It was the look on their faces.
The Now is pointed out; this Now. Now; it has already ceased to be when it is pointed out. The Now that is, is other than the one indicated, and we see that the Now is just this  to be no longer the very time when it is. The Now as it is shown to us is one that has been, and that is its truth; it does not have the truth of being, of something that is. No doubt this is true, that it has been; but what has been is in point of fact not genuinely real, it is not, and the point in question concerned what is, concerned being.
Would you like to take a trip to outer space? There's a new kind of plane that can take you there in a jiffy. It's called the space shuttle. It can fly very, very fast.
My mom told me once that money problems sort of sneak up on you. She said it's like catching a cold. At first you just have a tickle in your throat, and then you have a headache, and then maybe you're coughing a little. The next thing you know, you have a pile of Kleenexes around your bed and you're hacking your lungs up.
The present does not exist in an objective sense any more than here exists objectively, but the microscopic interactions within the world prompt the emergence of temporal phenomena within a system (for instance, ourselves) which only interacts through the medium of a myriad of variables. Our memory and our consciousness are built on these statistical phenomena.
You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending.
Her father radiates a thousand colors, opal, strawberry red, deep russet, wild green; a smell like oil and metal, the feel of a lock tumbler sliding home, the sound of his keys rings chiming as he walks. He is an olive green when he talks to a department head, an escalating series of oranges when he speaks to Mademoiselle Fleury from the greenhouses, a bright red when he tries to cook. He glows sapphire when he sits over his workbench in the evenings, humming almost inaudibly as he works, the tip of his cigarette gleaming a prismatic blue.
It is curious that while good people go to great lengths to spare their children from suffering, few of them seem to notice that the one (and only) guaranteed way to prevent all the suffering of their children is not to bring those children into existence in the first place.
Each one of us was harmed by being brought into existence. That harm is not negligible, because the quality of even the best lives is very bad - and considerably worse than most people recognize it to be. Although it is obviously too late to prevent our own existence, it is not too late to prevent the existence of future possible people.
Human life must be some kind of mistake. The truth of this will be sufficiently obvious if we only remember that man is a compound of needs and necessities hard to satisfy; and that even when they are satisfied, all he obtains is a state of painlessness, where nothing remains to him but abandonment to boredom. This is direct proof that existence has no real value in itself; for what is boredom but the feeling of the emptiness of life? If life - the craving for which is the very essence of our being - were possessed of any positive intrinsic value, there would be no such thing as boredom at all: mere existence would satisfy us in itself, and we should want for nothing.
Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom.
For one thing, it sounded like two rival cricket symphonies were competing at top volume. The owls were hooting so much it was a wonder they had time to fit prey in their mouths as well. Things flapped overhead and small splashes came from the lake. The night felt extremely populated.
A hippo was planted in the mud on the island's shore. It gave the dragons a resigned look as they landed, like 'Fine, go ahead and eat me, I knew it would happen eventually.' But they were all too tired to kill anything, and after a moment the hippo splashed loudly into the river and submerged, probably congratulating itself on its impressive stealth.
Hero? No! We're pirates! I love heroes, but I don't wanna be one! Do you know what heroes are? Say there is a chunk of meat. Pirates will have a banquet and eat it, but heroes will share it with other people. I want all the meat!
'Ere Jim, have a seat and I'll tell you a tale that'll cause your blood to run cold. It was a dark and stormy night, three weeks out of Ilfracombe, bound for the isle of Lundy. Just east of Devil's Slide, late in the middle watch there was a call from the fore topsail yard. 'On deck there, a sail, one point on the starboard bow.' Through the mist and fog, a dark shape emerged, a ghostly figure standing at its helm. Course set, intent clear, it bore down upon us. On the wind, a refrain to strike fear into the heart of any man.
I turned to discover the faint smile of the bookseller's niece. Her voice was pure crystal, transparent and so fragile I feared that her words would break if I interrupted them.
Just about everything in this world is easier said than done, with the exception of systematically assisting Sisyphus's stealthy, cyst-susceptible sister, which is easier done than said.
Everyone's carrying something that matters. You just don't realize when you're carrying it. It's only after it slips out of your hand that you realize how heavy it was in the first place. So many times I thought that I'd never carry a load like that ever again. And yet, before I realized it, I was carrying it again. I'd feel so much better if I just got rid of it, but I just can't bring myself to do it.
I cut him down so he'll spring back up. The boy's enormously talented, there's no denying that. But he's a novice. He's not yet learned how to be worthy of that talent. He refuses to meet any challenge except on his own terms. He doesn't see the true value of competition. To a young person for whom everything comes easily, the pain of defeat can be a much needed wake-up call.
In the company I work for, they won't let you say anybody's 'bald.' You have to say 'men with a thinning problem.' 'Bald' is discriminatory language. I was joking around once and suggested 'gentlemen who are follically challenged,' and boy, did they get mad!
Forgetting a memory doesn't mean you've abandoned it, right? You can't let go of the things that are important to you. They're surely stored away, deep in the drawers of your heart. And when they unexpectedly peek out at you, you feel a strange mixture of happiness and embarrassment.
You could have told me yourself that you loved someone else.
Poets say science takes away from the beauty of the stars - mere globs of gas atoms. I too can see the stars on a desert night, and feel them. But do I see less or more? The vastness of the heavens stretches my imagination - stuck on this carousel my little eye can catch million-year-old light. A vast pattern of which I am a part. What is the pattern, or the meaning, or the why? It does not do harm to the mystery to know a little about it. For far more marvelous is the truth than any artists of the past imagined it. Why do the poets of the present not speak of it? What men are poets who can speak of Jupiter if he were a man, but if he is an immense spinning sphere of methane and ammonia must be silent?
Most winemakers, therefore, and certainly all concerned with high-volume production, may start with settling to remove the gross matter, then choose to accelerate the process by intervening with one or more of filtration, centrifugation, flotation, and the much cheaper process of fining, the addition of agents which aid agglomeration and settling of colloids in the must or new wine.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world, the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
Women like her are only hard to love by men who believe love is just a word.
Mockingbirds don't do one thing but make music for us to enjoy. They don't eat up people's gardens, don't nest in corncribs, they don't do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That's why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.
Not a latent echo in the house, not a squeak and scuffle from the ice behind the panelling, not a drip from the half-thawed water-spout in the dull yard behind, not a sigh among the leafless boughs of one despondent poplar, not the idle swinging of an empty store-house door, no, not a clicking in the fire, but fell upon the heart of Scrooge with softening influence, and gave a freer passage to his tears.
I shall honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. I will live in the past, the present, and the future. The spirits of all three shall strive within me.
Since man is a part of nature and has himself changed the environment, it is perhaps permissible that he has modified the dog to fit into his world rather than excluding it and forcing its extinction. One thing is certain - most of us find the world enriched by our furry canine friends. Whatever your lifestyle, there's a dog to suit you.
Alchemy; the science of understanding the structure of matter, breaking it down, then reconstructing it as something else. It can even make gold from lead. But alchemy is a science, so it must follow the natural laws: To create, something of equal value must be lost.
We spend so much time being afraid of failure, afraid of rejection. But regret is the thing we should fear most. Failure is an answer. Rejection is an answer. Regret is an eternal question you will never have an answer to. "What if..." "If only..." "I wonder what would have..." You will never, never know, and it will haunt you for the rest of your days.
Living is easy with eyes closed. Misunderstanding all you see. It's getting hard to be someone, but it all works out. It doesn't matter much to me. Let me take you down 'cause I'm going to Strawberry Fields. Nothing is real. And nothing to get hung about. Strawberry Fields forever.
As the last fitful rays of my torch faded into obscurity, I resolved to leave no stone unturned, no possible means of escape neglected; so summoning all the powers possessed by my lungs, I set up a series of loud shoutings, in the vain hope of attracting the attention of the guide by my clamour. Yet, as I called, I believed in my heart that my cries were to no purpose, and that my voice, magnified and reflected by the numberless ramparts of the black maze about me, fell upon no ears save my own.
If you find yourself debating whether or not you should go exercise, it means you have the time and the means, you're simply talking yourself out of doing something difficult.
There was no day for him now, and there was no night; there was but a long stretch of time, a long stretch of time that was very short; and then - the end. Toward no one in the world did he feel any fear now, for he knew that fear was useless; and toward no one in the world did he feel any hate now, for he knew that hate would not help him.
When the people fear their government, there is tyranny; when the government fears the people, there is liberty.
For after all what is man in nature? A nothing in relation to infinity, all in relation to nothing, a central point between nothing and all and infinitely far from understanding either.
Being a family is about different people who've walked different paths heading towards the same place together. Take this house, for example. Your father and I built this house with the same goal in mind, despite having walked different paths. What was that goal? For you and your sister, our new family, to be able to live happily together.
Yes, often I am reminded of her. And in one of my vast array of pockets, I have kept her story to retell. It is one of the small legion I carry, each one extraordinary in its own right. Each one an attempt - an immense leap of an attempt - to prove to me that you, and your human existence, are worth it.
The old gods may be great, but they are neither kind nor merciful. They are fickle, unsteady as moonlight on water, or shadows in a storm. If you insist on calling them, take heed: be careful what you ask for, be willing to pay the price. And no matter how desperate or dire, never pray to the gods that answer after dark.
Arguing that you don't care about the right to privacy because you have nothing to hide is no different than saying you don't care about free speech because you have nothing to say.
My dog doesn't worry about the meaning of life. She may worry if she doesn't get her breakfast, but she doesn't sit around worrying about whether she will get fulfilled or liberated or enlightened. As long as she gets some food and a little affection, her life is fine. But we human beings are not like dogs. We have self-centered minds which get us into plenty of trouble. If we do not come to understand the error in the way we think, our self-awareness, which is our greatest blessing, is also our downfall.
Well Minister, if you ask me for a straight answer, then I shall say that, as far as we can see, looking at it by and large, taking one thing with another in terms of the average of departments, then in the final analysis it is probably true to say, that at the end of the day, in general terms, you would probably find that, not to put too fine a point on it, there probably wasn't very much in it one way or the other as far as one can see, at this stage.
Yes indeed, Minister. I am fully-seized of your ideas and have taken them on board and I am now positively against discrimination against women and positively in favour of positive discrimination in their favour - discriminating discrimination of course.
Faith is universal. Our specific methods for understanding it are arbitrary. Some of us pray to Jesus, some of us go to Mecca, some of us study subatomic particles. In the end we are all just searching for truth, that which is greater than ourselves.
History is always written by the winners. When two cultures clash, the loser is obliterated, and the winner writes the history books - books which glorify their own cause and disparage the conquered foe. As Napoleon once said, 'What is history, but a fable agreed upon?"
People who can't throw something important away, can never hope to change anything.
I shall now express my utter disgust and anger with you through the piano.
People worry about losing species diversity in the rain forest. But what about intellectual diversity - our most necessary resource? That's disappearing faster than trees. But we haven't figured that out, so now we're planning to put five billion people together in cyberspace. And it'll freeze the entire species. Everything will stop dead in its tracks. Everyone will think the same thing at the same time. Global uniformity.
We don't want our children to pursue their own dreams or walk in our footsteps. We want to walk in their footsteps while they pursue our dreams.
But if we're being picky, it wasn't by definition even a bank robbery. Which isn't to say that the bank robber didn't fully intend to be a bank robber, because that was very much the intention, it's just that the bank robber failed to pick a bank that contained any cash. Which probably has to be considered one of the main prerequisites for a bank robbery.
Love one another until death do us part, isn't that what we said? Isn't that what we promised each other? Or am I remembering wrong? "Or at least until one of us gets bored." Maybe that was it?
It's probably wrong to believe there can be any limit to the horror which the human mind can experience. On the contrary, it seems that some exponential effect begins to obtain as deeper and deeper darkness falls - as little as one may like to admit it, human experience tends, in a good many ways, to support the idea that when the nightmare grows black enough, horror spawns horror, one coincidental evil begs other, often more deliberate evils, until finally blackness seems to cover everything. And the most terrifying question of all may be just how much horror the human mind can stand and still maintain a wakeful, staring, unrelenting sanity.
From time to time Anna-Lena whispered to him about what she thought of the other prospective buyers in the apartment. Sadly Anna-Lena was about as good at whispering as she was at thinking quietly, so it was pretty much the sort of shouted whisper that's the equivalent of a fart in an airplane that you think won't be noticed if you let it out a little bit at a time. You never manage to be as discreet as you imagine.
They never argue anymore, unless perhaps they argue all the time. When you've been stuck with each other long enough it can seem like there's no difference between no longer arguing and no longer caring.
We can't change the world, and a lot of the time we can't even change people. No more than one bit at a time. So we do what we can to help whenever we get the chance, sweetheart. We save those we can. We do our best. Then we try to find a way to convince ourselves that that will just have to... be enough. So we can live with our failures without drowning.
One of the most human things about anxiety is that we try to cure chaos with chaos. Someone who has got themselves into a catastrophic situation rarely retreats from it, we're far more inclined to carry on even faster. We've created lives where we can watch other people crash into the wall but still hope that somehow we're going to pass straight through it. The closer we get, the more confidently we believe that some unlikely solution is miraculously going to save us, while everyone watching us is just waiting for the crash.
But if there's one thing modern life and the Internet have taught us, it's that you should never expect to win a discussion simply because you're right.
I believe the one that says that if you do it for long enough, it can become impossible to tell the difference between flying and falling.
You must never feel badly about making mistakes, explained Reason quietly, "as long as you take the trouble to learn from them. For you often learn more by being wrong for the right reasons than you do by being right for the wrong reasons."
Everything teeters between pathos and bathos: here you are, violating society's most fundamental taboos, and yet formaldehyde is a powerful appetite stimulant, so you also crave a burrito.
You can't ever reach perfection, but you can believe in an asymptote toward which you are ceaselessly striving.
I got my ticket for the long way round; the one with the prettiest of views. It's got mountains, it's got rivers, it's got sights to give you shivers, but it sure would be prettier with you.
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. I read that one on a can of lemonade. I like to think it applies to life.
When the plantation flowered in the beginning of the rains, it was a radiant sight, like a cloud of chalk, in the mist and the drizzling rain, over six hundred acres of land. The coffee-blossom has a delicate slightly bitter scent, like the black-thorn blossom.
So, even though you have broken my heart yet again, I wanted to say, in another life, I would have really liked just doing laundry and taxes with you.
I have failed them and failed my country in a dark hour he will turn upon himself and question the very foundations of his leadership. And then he must stop! He must cast out the doubts borne of failure. Forget them and remember only the lessons to be learnt from defeat, they are more than from victory.
So the atomic bomb has come a very dangerous scientific development, since I doubt whether man has yet the wisdom to use it wisely. It may end war or it may end civilization.
Achilles will never overtake the tortoise. He must first reach the place from which the tortoise started. By that time the tortoise will have got some way ahead. Achilles must then make up that, and again the tortoise will be ahead. He is always coming nearer, but he never makes up to it.
I built this castle, now we are trapped on the throne. I'm sorry we're alone. I wrote my chapter, you'll turn the page when I'm gone. I hope you'll sing along, this is your song.
The creative mind is like a big pile of jigsaw puzzle pieces. Some pieces were made by other people - inspirational words of advice, an intriguing screenshot from a game you've never heard of, a haunting melody - and some are gained through life experiences.
He looked around for the others. They weren't there. He looked around for the others again. They still weren't there. He closed his eyes. He opened them. He looked around for the others. They obstinately persisted in their absence.
Everyone must leave something behind when he dies, my grandfather said. A child or a book or a painting or a house or a wall built or a pair of shoes made. Or a garden planted. Something your hand touched some way so your soul has somewhere to go when you die, and when people look at that tree or that flower you planted, you're there.
Keep in mind that many people have died for their beliefs; it's actually quite common. The real courage is in living and suffering for what you believe.
Technique is just a means to an end, and that end is making music without having to think about technique. If you're thinking about technique on the gig, you'll sound that way to the audience. If you're playing from the heart, you'll sound like you're expressing yourself openly.
Sing to me of the man, Muse, the man of twists and turns driven time and again off course, once he had plundered the hallowed heights of Troy. Many cities of men he saw and learned their minds, many pains he suffered, heartsick on the open sea, fighting to save his life and bring his comrades home.
Sophie was not sure whether she really believed that the source of everything actually was earth, air, fire, and water. But after all, what did that matter? In principle, Empedocles was right. The only way we can accept the transformations we can see with our own eyes without losing our reason is to admit the existence of more than one single basic substance.
Living for the future is more important than trying to avenge the past.
This was enough to make Jem march to the corner, where he stopped and leaned against the light-pole, watching the gate hanging crazily on its home-made hinge.
He doesn't realize he's already part of The Neverending Story. Just as he is sharing your adventures, others are sharing his. They were with him when he hid from the boys in the bookstore. They were with him when he took the book with the Auryn symbol on the cover, in which he's reading his own story, right now.
The Machine only gives us numbers because I would always rather that a human element remain in determining something so critical as someone's fate. We have free will, and with that comes great responsibility, and sometimes great loss.
My wife was... very nice. A wonderful, warm woman. And then one day, she turned into this amazing creature who could sit on the end of a broomstick and take off into the air. She could actually achieve flight.
You know, I believe if there's any kind of God it wouldn't be in any of us, not you or me but just this little space in between. If there's any kind of magic in this world it must be in the attempt of understanding someone, sharing something. I know, it's almost impossible to succeed but who cares really? The answer must be in the attempt.
Well, you wonder why I always dress in black, why you never see bright colors on my back; and why does my appearance seem to have a somber tone? Well, there's a reason for the things that I have on. I wear the black for the poor and the beaten down living in the hopeless, hungry side of town. I wear it for the prisoner who has long paid for his crime, but is there because he's a victim of the times.
Well, we're doing mighty fine, I do suppose, in our streak of lightning cars and fancy clothes. But just so we're reminded of the ones who are held back, up front, there ought to be a man in black. I wear it for the sick and lonely old, for the reckless ones whose bad trip left them cold. I wear the black in mourning for the lives that could have been. Each week we lose a hundred fine young men.
The boy had a way with words, he sang, he moved with grace. He entertained so naturally, no gesture out of place. His road in life was clearly drawn, he didn't hesitate. He played, they saw, he conquered as the master of his fate.
I came to understand him to mean you could stop at, not all, but most of the moments of your life, stop for one heartbeat and, no matter what the state of your head or heart, say: This is happiness. Because of the simple truth that you were alive to say it.
Among the virtues of being a forgotten elsewhere is the fact that everything has to be invented first-hand, and all needs met locally.
You don't see rain stop, but you sense it. You sense something has changed in the frequency you've been living and you hear the quietness you thought was silence get quieter still, and you raise your head so your eyes can make sense of what your ears have already told you, which at first is only: something has changed.
I sometimes think the worst thing a young person can feel is when you find no answer to the question of what you are supposed to do with this life you've been given. I can now say that another version of that happens in old age, when it occurs to you that since you've lived this long you must have learned something, so you open your eyes before dawn and think: What is it that I've learned, what is it I want to say?
Language is the foundation of civilization. It is the glue that holds a people together. It is the first weapon drawn in a conflict.
We rendezvous with Rochambeau, consolidate their gifts. We can end this war at Yorktown, cut them off at sea; but for this to succeed, there is someone else we need.
I've dug in Alaska and in Canada and Colorado. I was with the crowd in British Honduras where I made my fare back home and almost enough over to cure me of the fever I'd caught. I've dug in California and Australia, all over the world practically. Yeah, I know what gold does to men's souls.
All of me, why not take all of me? Can't you see? I'm no good without you. Take my lips, I want to lose them. Take my arms, I'll never use them. Your goodbye left me with eyes that cry. How can I go on, dear, without you? You took the part that once was my heart, so why not take all of me?
Hey, if there was gold in them mountains, how long would it have been there? Millions and millions of years, wouldn't it? What's our hurry? A couple of days, more or less, ain't gonna make a difference.
Are you going to Scarborough Fair? Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme. Remember me to one who lives there. She once was a true love of mine.
Now I'm the villain in your history. I was too young and blind to see. I should've known the world was wide enough for both Hamilton and me.
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success.
Farmer Brown has a problem. His cows like to type. All day long he hears: Click, clack, moo. Click, clack, moo. Clickety, clack, moo.
We'll always be with you. No one's ever really gone. A thousand generations live in you now.
And the silken sad uncertain rustling of each purple curtain thrilled me - filled me with fantastic terrors never felt before; so that now, to still the beating of my heart, I stood repeating, "Tis some visitor entreating entrance at my chamber door."
